water very well
[Music]
Y
we live in terrible times where the
Vertigo takes us to situations where
we feel that our brain can
burst like a melon that we put
a $ 400 firecracker
when god created the man he was not
thought of the existence of capitalism
the media work
cell phones internet wars the
fashion aesthetics brothers-in-law soccer
Mariano Grondona and everything that
constantly puts at stake our
Psyche
learn chemistry negates the human being
the instruments needed to
manipulate and control the brain
taking it to more satisfying states
of which you can naturally have something
well said sigmund freud father of the
psychology and founder of the club nor a sun
cold of rosario catches for that reason that
peace and love that the
rock today we can find it or
modifying our life or continuing
living like the ass but going to the
pharmacy
in this very modern building contains a
powerful the pharmacological laboratory in
the same his millionaire owner
psychologist psychologist neurologist chemist
potential pharmaceutical engineer can
genoa continues studying the
brain functioning but like
he is always attentive
Of course, I'm going there, I owe humanity
when the action calls he becomes
in ten arms helmet on the base of the box
robbery thriller robbery the little one
giant always ready to corrective
of perfect human behavior left
irresponsibly by nature yes
because there is a world of chemical happiness
to share enters the world of theft
thriller where there is a drug for each
need for clear life when a being
human is not hungry can take
robots the hungry this man take it
five minutes and at any time neither
to that effect
[Music]
and there's your exit
and to stop eating yes like a robot
no hungry no
[Music]
I'm satisfied etc etc it 's the same with
robots
definitely not human
if you can not sleep later but the
sheets to sleep for me but for children
that are snatched offers by look for
mega pharma has rebound what way to
sleeping a restful chemical dream already
Will
[Music]
when I want to play look look over there
does not win because what does not give you life
the pharmaceutical industry gives it to you
arnaiz is more than five thousand studies
have shown that a person
harmonized produces more and better and does not walk
doing quilombo and if after taking
one of my pills you can handle the
mouse do not forget to see the adventures
clearer on the internet adventures of
robots lic
just calmed down a gentleman who was
point of leaving your job in a
important company
I am more
how
I have calmed you now I must go
I will not be able to continue living or not
I saved myself anywhere
I 'll keep you
I want to have him by your side now he's going to
be watch where you put it why
each one was never inside a
first aid kit
or a row action box and take me out
from here do not do it not doing the
row 7 the fil do not do it you can steal
thriller escape in the video box the
make shelf that is what keeps
something extra modern and an opening
mental according to an anxiolytic of her
but what suspense and how will this
story if you want to see the end there
stop entering danger and emotion but
do not be scared whenever there is a
Anxiolytic there is a happy ending
if you want to see it between wwdc the ebro
mutilated dotcom dot area and you'll
see the full adventure when God
did the man said it with ability
to get nervous and anguish but
by luck of rivotril to repair the
mistake of the gentleman and now sing with me
I am happy I am happy with this drug
this is the world rob tree and accord
you run 40 recipes can go to the park
of psychotropic drugs to play
Anxiolytics bluffers tell your
doctor who makes you one and falsifies the
other 39